Hey, young man, you're not playing.
I'm going out.
You're going to get angry at me.
I'm going out. I'm going out.
Where are you?
I'm here.
I know you're there.
Where's your 50-year-old house?
I'll decide for you.
You're kidding.
I've been living in a tatami room for 30 years.
I'm going to stick out of this.
You're not sticking out.
I'm paying for the bill.
I'm going to pay for it.
I'm going to leave it somewhere.
I'm not going to say anything bad about you.
I'm going to make you a good man.
I'm in trouble.
Well, leave it.
Anyway, I'm not going to eat you up.
I'll bring you something.
I want you to be a cool girl.
I'm sure you'll sell it to a middle-aged man or a real estate agent.
That's not the case.
How about you?
I have one way to get you.
I'll sell one here.
I'll try it.
You know the price tag?
I don't know, but I'm going to sell it.
That's dangerous.
It's okay if you're a second-rate.
You're a second-rate.
You have to have a big name.
That's right.
If you have a big name, you're a second-rate.
I can't give you a big name.
You're a second-rate.
You're like a shark.
You can say you're a shark.
What is it?
Well, I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
There's something white there.
That's my waist?
You're a man like a Meriden-go, surrounded by white lines.
Well, I'll put this on.
I wrote it in the fortune-telling book.
It's a lot of money.
I don't have it.
Last year, I bought some octopus in my car.
The octopus had a bone left.
I had to break it into 50 pieces.
I was beaten by a fish.
I've been beaten many times.
I don't care what it is.
I don't have it.
Is this a Buddha statue?
There's a strange Buddha statue.
Buddha statues are very expensive in the world.
Your Buddha statue is very high-quality.
It's a white Buddha statue.
It's a statue of a Buddha statue.
It's very expensive.
I can't eat it.
I wrote a letter to a Buddha statue.
It's written in the fortune-telling book.
It's a box of SÅden.
I can't eat it.
It's noisy.
I can't help it.
Even if I'm being delivered, I'm going to deliver it to the moon.
And then there's the Tengankyo.
I don't have that.
It's a box of 8 ChahÅji Jinnami.
I don't have it.
Even if I don't have it, I have a silver Tengankyo.
And there are 6 of these trees.
I have 3.
I don't have that.
I don't have that 8 karakami.
If you don't like it, you can write a fortune-telling book.
And then you can put 6 of these
in the center of the moon.
Who do you think you are to do such a thing?
You don't have to say such a thing.
I'll put one more book.
I have a book.
I don't have a book.
I don't care.
I don't care if you've left the novel.
You're doing such a bad thing.
That's why you're so poor.
If you have a different opinion,
what should I do?
I wrote a book about the Nagauta.
And then I'll burn the book about the Buddha statue.
I'll burn the book because I'm lost.
There are many women, but not many men.
I'll burn the book anyway.
I want to burn the book
that's 26 or 27 years old.